ef
you're growing up even if you needed the big root
on the table will attend the activities regarding the use
use the techniques linked at first sight
we finish
the two techniques deepen tones we will now enter the first
exercise sequence called freebies
at that very moment lying in the hospital keeping the quarter
resting on the ground
Do you have a curvature?
in your forces than your soul than you will have to respect her at all
moment while keeping the tip of the foot up
the appointed judge
the open posture
you have
the first one I gave up
I do not understand the arm on
your hands on your shoulders
the bridge your elbows to the athletes
open your pectoral hold
the alignment of ccia to the extension of its selection
inspired by the first technique to delve into the proposed bicola motion
defense your ribs can not stay
inspiration the summit yesterday in toning
whether or not it is contrary to your back
our home keeps
reference but flew by
Your man friend
made me know that you take
all attention
of your back
in the game of the aquidauana procel
always existing
in qualification
then again to prof
the world is so effective about
viso
maintains a force center
the elbows hold the breastplate
I never stopped believing that she was kept and from her side of the man
every time when
I add what made it and what we do is with my posture does not maintain the
well open posture per cent of the body looking with fixed point and has been resisting
in toning
it's very easy you have the second position
inspired
and takes his arms in the width of his games to the local prefecture that comes
in deep toning takes your time in the quarter to protect the
and keeps those from proncon to fixed
observes what makes the center of force
on your abdomen protecting your back
in the main that endemic disease on our side and dominate
safe
inspired and existing again in the qualification coming down
inspired
only
deepening toni getting their stars
safely in the arms
always lively construction
now we take for part of the exercise was the second exercise ahead four
supports
my man friend pointed to the ground
will be more dribla view the news coming from the final councilwoman she knows the
apple strength
life will show up